Create device-parameter-2-0-20-notifications-2-token-api-fix-112.md (#4490)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/device-management/device-parameter-2-0-20-notifications-2-token-api-fix-112.md

---
date: ""

> title: Fixed an issue with notifications token refresh in device-parameter microservice

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Fixed failing JWT token refresh in Device Parameter microservice
```

product_area: Device management & connectivity
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component--LJtTuzaN
    label: Device Parameter
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-wfTX6sxsr
    label: device-parameter
ticket: DM-5704
version: 2.0.20
---

> Fixed an issue where the microservice would fail to refresh JWT tokens following periods of inactivity, preventing automatic recovery and requiring a manual service restart.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The device-parameter microservice failed to refresh JWT tokens following periods of inactivity, preventing automatic recovery and requiring a manual service restart. This issue has been fixed.
```

> The device-parameter microservice failed to refresh JWT tokens following periods of inactivity, preventing automatic recovery and requiring a manual service restart. This issue has been fixed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Device Parameter microservice failed to refresh JWT tokens following periods of inactivity, preventing automatic recovery and requiring a manual service restart. This issue has been fixed.
```
